(Notizen von Alex und Zoe)

Ich würde sagen wir machen ein NGO das andere Leute dazu bringt und dabei unterstützt selbst aktiv zu werden und sozial und ngo mäßig zu arbeiten. Wir machen so bissl Werbung für unsere Website und bieten dort unsere Dienste an. Wir können einfach beraten aber auch aktiv unterstützen und auch workshops anbieten

	1. maybe even host an online forum for ngos to help each other and ask questions
	2. Some full-time devs and Experts on different crisees will be needed, some people who know about the legal side of ngos, some part time for workshops and advice
	3. Financed throug the financing of other ngos, maybe advertising?, donations ("bla bla we help thousand of people world wide by helping NGOs blabla")
	4. NGO-NGO
	5. [will put on website]
	6. Support people who want to start their own ngos
	7. Help by helping. Support by supporting.
	8. Website, marketing, workshops, advice, Accounting, Staff management
	9. Hierarchy:
			i. Company Owner
			ii. CEO
			iii. Heads of Departments
			iv.  Staff
			v. Part time staff
			vi. Donating Members

	10. board members who have experiences and qualifications because they once started their own NGO; good advice to help you start your NGO; open for everyone who needs help with his plans
	11. after visiting our website and getting in touch with us our costumers get individualized advise about how they can start their NGO; we take care of them as long as necessary; qualified workers in each part of the journey; every plan is being watched and worked on by many workers who know about their special field
	12. the price for our service depends on how laborious the work is
	13. advertisements in newspapers, social media, posters and in person
	14. searching for volunteers; offer work to people who have to do community hours
	15. social media; several newspapers
	16. advertise in super markets or kiosks; open small stands at public spaces; show engagement at social services
	17. Facebook, Instagram, Twitter etc. ; try to get more popular via cooperations with e. g. serious influencers